#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
appdirs==1.4.3
    # via black
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   redis
attrs==19.3.0
    # via black
babel==2.8.0
    # via sphinx
black==19.10b0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
bumpversion==0.5.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
certifi==2022.5.18.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
click==7.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   pip-tools
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via recommonmark
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage==5.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   redis
django==3.2.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-axes
    #   django-choices
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-filter
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rest-framework-condition
    #   django-solo
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
    #   vng-api-common
django-axes==5.34.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-choices==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
django-cors-headers==3.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-debug-toolbar==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extensions==2.2.6
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-filter==21.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
django-ipware==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-axes
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-relativedelta==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-rest-framework-condition==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
django-solo==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
    #   vng-api-common
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
entrypoints==0.3
    # via flake8
factory-boy==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
faker==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   factory-boy
flake8==3.7.9
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
freezegun==0.3.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
gemma-zds-client==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.2.0
    # via sphinx
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iso-639==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
isort==4.3.21
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
itypes==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreschema
    #   sphinx
markdown==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
oyaml==0.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   redis
    #   sphinx
pathspec==0.7.0
    # via black
pep517==0.12.0
    # via pip-tools
pip-tools==6.6.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
psycopg2==2.8.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pycodestyle==2.5.0
    # via flake8
pyflakes==2.1.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.5.2
    # via sphinx
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   vng-api-common
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-decouple==3.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dotenv==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   babel
    #   django
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   oyaml
    #   vng-api-common
raven==6.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
recommonmark==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
redis==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-redis
regex==2020.1.8
    # via black
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   sphinx
    #   vng-api-common
ruamel-yaml==0.16.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-yasg
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-choices
    #   django-extensions
    #   freezegun
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinx==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinx-rtd-theme==0.4.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.3
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tablib[xls]==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
tblib==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   faker
toml==0.10.0
    # via black
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pep517
typed-ast==1.4.1
    # via black
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
uwsgi==2.0.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
vng-api-common==1.7.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
wheel==0.37.1
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   deprecated
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
pip==22.1.2
    # via pip-tools
setuptools==62.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-axes
    #   markdown
    #   pip-tools
    #   sphinx
